Standardise the module interface (#10062)
matrix-org/synapse: UPGRADE.rst

     wget https://packages.matrix.org/debian/pool/main/m/matrix-synapse-py3/matrix-synapse-py3_1.3.0+stretch1_amd64.deb
     dpkg -i matrix-synapse-py3_1.3.0+stretch1_amd64.deb

Upgrading to v1.37.0
====================

Deprecation of the current spam checker interface
-------------------------------------------------

The current spam checker interface is deprecated in favour of a new generic modules system.
Authors of spam checker modules can refer to `this documentation <https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/develop/modules.html#porting-an-existing-module-that-uses-the-old-interface>`_
to update their modules. Synapse administrators can refer to `this documentation <https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/develop/modules.html#using-modules>`_
to update their configuration once the modules they are using have been updated.

> We will remove support for the current spam checker interface in August 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We plan to remove support for the current spam checker interface in August 2021.
```
